README.rst, before:

=====
Kazoo
=====

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/python-zk/kazoo.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/python-zk/kazoo
    :alt: Travis Build

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/kazoo.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/kazoo/
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/kazoo.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/kazoo/
    :alt: Downloads

``kazoo`` implements a higher level API to `Apache Zookeeper`_ for Python
clients.

See `the full docs`_ for more information.

License
=======

``kazoo`` is offered under the Apache License 2.0.

Authors
=======

``kazoo`` started under the `Nimbus Project`_ and through collaboration with
the open-source community has been merged with code from `Mozilla`_ and the
`Zope Corporation`_. It has since gathered an active community of over two
dozen contributors.

.. _Apache Zookeeper: http://zookeeper.apache.org/
.. _the full docs: http://kazoo.rtfd.org/
.. _Nimbus Project: http://www.nimbusproject.org/
.. _Zope Corporation: http://zope.com/
.. _Mozilla: http://www.mozilla.org/

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/c05f9b81fcb99d86d7c3b94d25b1bdf9

Change-Id: I3b8bdb68a01e7992768e7ca7361c71c8befd68e9

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/deb-kazoo.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

=====
Kazoo
=====

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/python-zk/kazoo.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/python-zk/kazoo
    :alt: Travis Build

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/kazoo.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/kazoo/
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/kazoo.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/kazoo/
    :alt: Downloads

``kazoo`` implements a higher level API to `Apache Zookeeper`_ for Python
clients.

See `the full docs`_ for more information.

License
=======

``kazoo`` is offered under the Apache License 2.0.

Authors
=======

``kazoo`` started under the `Nimbus Project`_ and through collaboration with
the open-source community has been merged with code from `Mozilla`_ and the
`Zope Corporation`_. It has since gathered an active community of over two
dozen contributors.

.. _Apache Zookeeper: http://zookeeper.apache.org/
.. _the full docs: http://kazoo.rtfd.org/
.. _Nimbus Project: http://www.nimbusproject.org/
.. _Zope Corporation: http://zope.com/
.. _Mozilla: http://www.mozilla.org/
